well hello to all and 11 09 so we get
find for a new video so
to tell you I'm starting a chain
so on dofus with my your balls so
there he was raising the 74
I will introduce soon its
equipments so a because what is 170
hours an arc so a penalty of vita by
against damage so to manage our property
invites to a figurative cape fn are told
quickly our emerald guy but the case
breakdown at net loans block for all
unions except the forces because it
did not have in hd blu age and an acrobat
15 agility to be able to put my age
i guess aulas is a tax giveaway
your wisdom so that we
will start will make you a little
took a tour of these stadiums including 359 in
force to advance it so 359 in 1898
bonus it's a bit near without wisdom
profitability we get lost 4 pm so no
many initiatives some benchmarks
so that resistance 15% our
thirty-five 15-15 at least 50% air to
because of the discomfort of advertising
so here I have pretty much done the trick
so I'm going to spend them start so
we do a little zoom so the plastron
here is 1262 in shield so it's okay
rather reasonable we will make a coup
hammer like this or so so
rock side to the fire in what I do
fire
I am nothing less than 180 and -227 so
it's pretty good
then I do nothing more was nothing and a
support month 314 that's it in regards to
this side then then so of course after
you have different types of combos
but the main one is this one so
after of course there is a rush so the
with a good theo it is rather
interesting
I will finish this putsch
and so we'll meet again soon
think for a video involved tomorrow
See you